Improve polkadot-launch instructions (#57)
paritytech/statemint: polkadot-launch/README.md

Simple CLI tool to launch a local [Polkadot](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot/) test network.

## Notes

- You must use node.js v14.x.x
- MacOs users: make sure your machines firewall is disabled. Choose Apple menu  > System Preferences, click Security & Privacy, then click Firewall and make sure it is off.

> - These is adapted instructions for quickly starting statemint. For the original README consult https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-launch#readme

Author: ```suggestion
- These instructions are adapted from the original polkadot-launch for quickly starting statemint. For the original README consult https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-launch#readme
```
```suggestion
- These is adapted instructions for quickly starting statemint. For the original README consult https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-launch#readme
```
